So when I graduated with my bachelor's degree, I went into a master's
program. So I went into graduate school from There s Oh, I didn't I
wasn't really on the job market at that point on Ben. When I was during
my Masters program, I decided to then go on for a PhD. And so again,
I kind of went into my PhD program and it wasn't really a job search
so much. Um, my first probably riel job search was when I finished
with my PhD and I was looking for a postdoctoral position. Um,
and in that case I actually found my my postdoctoral position through
a contact of my my mentors. So So, the person that I ended up working
within my post doctoral position was a colleague of my mentors,
and my mentor introduced us and, you know, recommended me thio the position.
And so then we met and, you know, hit it off. And so then he
offered me the job that way. Eso So that was pretty much that's how
I found that position